Update office-365-worldwide-endpoints.md (#12130)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/includes/office-365-worldwide-endpoints.md

127 | Default<BR>Required | No | `*.skype.com` | **TCP:** 443, 80
167 | Default<BR>Required | No | `*.ecdn.microsoft.com` | **TCP:** 443
180 | Default<BR>Required | No | `compass-ssl.microsoft.com` | **TCP:** 443
  

> Notes for this table:
> 
> For  Cross-Cloud Join to properly work, you must whitelist the endpoints for the cloud of the target meeting
>   
>   [Office 365 U.S. Government GCC High endpoints](/microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-u-s-government-gcc-high-endpoints)
>   [Office 365 U.S. Government DoD endpoints](/microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-u-s-government-dod-endpoints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For  Cross-Cloud Anonymous Join to work properly, you must add these endpoints for the cloud of the target meeting to the safe senders list:
> - [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](/microsoft-365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges)
> - [Office 365 U.S. Government DoD endpoints](/microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-u-s-government-dod-endpoints)

```
